Data collected by Python SDK (high level few) (#6378)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/python/common/data-collected.mdx

## Request body

The request body of incoming HTTP requests can be sent to Sentry. Sending of the request body to Sentry depends on a couple of things:

- The type of the request body: JSON and form bodies are sent, raw request bodies are always removed. Uploaded files in the request bodies are never sent to Sentry.
- The size of the request body: There is the option ["request_bodies"](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/python/configuration/options/#request-bodies) that is by default set to `medium` meaning that larger request bodies are not sent to Sentry.
- You can set `request_bodies` to `"never"` to prevent bodies to be sent to Sentry altogether.

Request bodies of outgoing HTTP requests are never sent to Sentry.

Depending on your application this could contain personal identifiable information.

## Local variables in stack trace

When sending unhandled errors and exceptions to Sentry the names and values of local variables that were set when the error occurred are sent to Sentry.

You can disable sending local variables to Sentry by setting `include_local_variables=False` in the `sentry_sdk.init()` call.

## SQL Queries

> SQL queries are sent to Sentry. The full SQL query (`UPDATE app_user SET password='supersecret' WHERE id=1;`) is never sent to Sentry. A parameterized version of the query (`UPDATE app_user SET password='%s' WHERE id=%s;`) is sent. The values of the parameters are never sent to Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While SQL queries are sent to Sentry, neither the full SQL query (`UPDATE app_user SET password='supersecret' WHERE id=1;`), nor the values of its parameters will ever be sent. A parameterized version of the query (`UPDATE app_user SET password='%s' WHERE id=%s;`) is sent instead. 
```

Let me know if this changes the meaning too much and we can rework.
